1.3. - 13/10/2020
 
Reflection
 
In today session I was shown GitHub, Git and VS Code. 
We installed an extension onto VS Code (Live Service).

I was introduced to creating my own responsitory on VS Code, cloning this into GitHub and understanding the updates and history of changes. 

2.2. - 22/10/2020

Reflection

This week we used CSS to style HTML, mainly using colour and added sizes to images.
In terms of HTML, I added headings, paragraphs, lists, images and linked to external webpages to open in a new tab.
We created different CSS style sheets and applied to different branches before merging in main.

2.3 - 27/10/2020

I attended the workshop yesterday for clarication on terminology on GitHub (fetch/push). 
I also used the opportunity to fix some of the broken code and mis-linked CSS style sheets.

As part of today's session, I learned more about CSS styling, utilising positions and specifics to target certain parts of my code.
I enjoy Luke's method of teaching and he had shared some useful resources which I will follow up (mimo, chear sheets and useful CSS reference websites) 

2.3 - 29/10/2020

We continued 2.3 and started on 2.4. The coding is getting more complicated but we touched on margins, border and padding. Luke explained the concepts.
I understoof it a little more by defining the pixels needed for each element and I could see the example more clearly.

2.4 - 03/11/2020

We did more coding on moving images and texts using abolsutely and relative positioning. 
I thought this was more challenging but after Luke demonstrated I understood the concept more. 
We looked at float which is used in older code. This is something I come across during work so this is quite useful.

3.1 - 05/11/2020 

Today we looked at Javascript code, including looking at the inspect element to see the hidden messages.
I also used the pop up (alert) and document write methods. This was a good introduction to JS.
Towards the end of the session I used variables and was introduced to the arithemtic operators.
I did the HTML quiz and achieved a score of 65%.

3.2. - 10/11/2020

We looked at functions today and combined what we learnt last week with variables.
I forget to declare the function and most of my errors lie in the camel case of the code.
I learnt about arguments and how these are used within functions to store and use later. I then executed the console log function in the browser to test my code.
Variable and glocal scope was a little bit confusing. I will need to review Boolean and comparison operators.

3.3 - 12/11/2020

We did a practical session where we reviewed a number of javascript tasks. This was quite difficult, I got a lot of error messages